Update instructions for moving a subdir package (#124947)
JuliaRegistries/General: README.md

### How do I move a subdirectory package to its own repository?

Follow these steps to move a [subdirectory package](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/managing-packages/#Adding-a-package-in-a-subdirectory-of-a-repository) to its own repository:

> 1. Follow Github's documentation on [splitting a subfolder out into a new repository][github-subfolder] an set the subdirectory package to be the new root folder of the new repository (most of these steps are still applicable for packages not hosted on GitHub). In order to avoid having to modify the package's `git-tree-sha1` entries in the registry it is important that subdirectory package's contents remain identical for the registered releases. For packages using GitHub actions this means avoiding transferring the `.github/workflows` directory as doing so would modify the root tree SHA.

Author: Attempted to the extra context required for users to understand what restrictions they have when moving repository content.

Reviewer: I don't quite understand the `.github` comment, can you explain more?

Author: Using a command like this wouldn't work as it causes the tree SHA to differ:
```
git filter-repo --subdirectory-filter CurrentPackageName.jl --path .github/workflows
```
as the package directory (now the root) will contain content it previously did not.

Reviewer: hm, that makes sense, I think if i read this I would be more confused since I would not consider using `--path` to additional transfer more stuff. What about
```suggestion
1. Follow Github's documentation on [splitting a subfolder out into a new repository][github-subfolder] an set the subdirectory package to be the new root folder of the new repository (most of these steps are still applicable for packages not hosted on GitHub). In order to avoid having to modify the package's `git-tree-sha1` entries in the registry it is important that subdirectory package's contents remain identical for the registered releases. This means one should not use `git-filter-repo`'s `--path` functionality to transfer additional top-level directories (like `.github/workflows`) when transferring the history, as this would modify root tree SHA.
```

Author: I've incorporated your suggestions as well as some additional ones. I was attempting to avoid specifically mentioning flags for `git-repo-filter` but I think that is just leading to less understandable instructions.
